U
When wander the streets of Vietnam it must be met unexpected and delicious
Without which there is little aware of the fact that France destination for a hundred years
Now Vietnamese food is indispensable
I met you right here.
In Vietnam, there are many shops selling sandwiches of French baguettes
The attitude of the sandwich's atonement is that the agreement in Vietnam is tangled.
Oo
Oh, well , throw it away and make it with pork .
I will
They say Vietnamese baguettes are anti-American.
It 's not a taste that mimics Proust Baguette
The baguette made from rice is crisp and very soft inside.
Oh, whatever this is
I will move France based on the red beans.
Oh, the situation is also a bar and eating like an object inde this modified French cuisine in the courtroom
It also evolved into a good form.
I was wondering what flavor the baguette settled in Vietnam.
Do not tell us.
When making Kimbap
The ingredients are important, but even if you use ginga and sweetness,
I feel like I'm really into bread.
On well-made baguette bread
Favorite food in Vietnam
If you want to feel the best taste to the poor pocket Let's go meet the anti-US
wee
we
One in June was more than 40 degrees in the midday heat wave continues
But it was tasty even in that heat
t9 The weather is really good with my shovel .
I was surprised to find it, but she is really great.
View from the front of the steel everytime ordered him money
You're not good
And it's not usually what you put on it.
Or you liked it every year
18 more years and Adena Lao
It's a piece of food that is unique to the Hanoi region .
Teach me to grill meat with rice noodles in the molecule .
Vietnamese people give free food when they have breakfast or treat a friend
I eat
You can try different types of noodles
It's a way to put super-rare roast pork in broth and soak noodles in it.
There are not many teahouses that are good at hand food.
Oh, thank you more quickly to the situation be four-part Hi and gyang dare Hangul
I will.
I really appreciate that now control the camp and meat
Now, here too one juneunde No, it's beginning now
The slugger made with papaya , b.
Similar'll give it sought leave under topped with meat, then that
Next, besides that , we now like cold noodle soup,
Now and then I see something in a broth made from yireongeo
Then gonna eat the soaked rice noodles here, this is really delicious one life
Please select only one step, let's eat through Korean
Two sausage soup and vegetable noodles are served separately.
When it becomes our character mistakes kelp Tzu
Correctly tailored
Yes . I love spicy.
I think I'm putting a high rice in a rice bowl.
It's like eating a bowl of ours.
That's what I'm talking about .
you
What do you mean by that ? We got inside.
Cold noodles Seocho
At war offices
4 9 minutes is not good that the roots football and we do not really haejugo Twine
A lot of pork roast meat
Do not eat pork lifting technology
In the eating house in South Korea OK, not entirely unfamiliar taste nothing to eat at home
Give me abs
If you express it like that, you can imagine that when you eat pork ribs in water cold noodles
I'm worried about it .
Two-tiered rag mummy tastes Vietnamese production action
It 's a strange taste that's hard to explain.
Le
Oh, no pork, no end of the week, no balls .
Do all this ppalja spoonful of rice
More than 40 degrees, this tired taste is revived again.
we
The taste of Vietnam is simple and resembles Vietnamese people for a while.
Vietnam and Hanoi
After that, I remember the honest taste and I leave the next journey
That
we were ah
we do
there were to
That is very clear woo clicker product presented themselves doegetne
Because, as he gave the night
Tight 2
Ah ah ah
U
wie der der
the the